# ALL PRESiDENTS, THAT ARE iNNOCENT, 44--45 AND 46, HAVE READ THiS AND THEY ARE ALREADY PERFORMiNG THE TASKS NECESSARY AND ARE READY TO CONTiNUE ON WiTH THE NECESSARY PROCESS. THEY ARE READY AND HAVE BEEN COMPLETiNG ALL THE THiNGS THAT ARE NECESSARY TO FREE AND PROVE AND THEN CLEAR EACH AND EVERY PRiSONER OF ANY CRiMiNAL WRONGDOiNG.-- MEANiNG THE ENTiRE PRiSON POPULATiON AND iT HAS BEEN PROVEN AND WE ALWAYS WiLL BE, iNNOCENT, UNDER GOD. --WHiCH THiS HAS NOW BEEN PROVEN BY THE BARACK OBAMAiAN DÆMON LAW BODY WHiCH iS COMPLETiNG LAW TASKS AND COMPLETiNG THE LAW ACCOMPLiSHMENTS, WHiCH'ARE THEN LEADiNG TO ALL LAWS THE PRiSONERS HAVE BROKEN iN THE PAST AND PROViNG THEY OPERATED WiTHiN AND UNDER HUMAN LAWS AND HUMAN LAW ENFORCEMENT. ARE HEREBY NOW PROVEN iNNOCENT, ONCE AGAiN, WHiCH'iS EVERYONE WHO'ARE,-- THOSE WHO ARE THEM AND THEE ALL OF THEM, iN THE PAST PRiSONERS AND STiLL HELD UNDER THE BELiEF OF THE COURT SYSTEMS OF EACH AND EVERY COUNTRY. HAVE NOW BEEN PROVEN iNNOCENT UNDER THE LAW AND WE ARE ALL FACTUALLY iNNOCENT AND ONCE AGAiN THOSE LAW AND LAWYER AND iNNOCET PRESiDENT EXERTiNG HiS STRETCH OF BiNUVERAL ABSOLUTE TRUTH THROUGH ANY MEANS OF FACTUAL iNFORMATiON, PRiSONERS. UNDER POTUS B.H.O. iS THE CHOiCE OF THE ENTiRE NOW PROVEN iNNOCET PRiSONER BODY ACROSS THE ENTiRE WORLD --BARACK iS COMPLETiNG THOSE TASKS AND COMPLETiNG THOSE LAWFUL ACCOMPLiSHMENTS LEADiNG TO OUR COLLECTiVE FREEDOM BECAUSE WE ARE iNNOCENT. WHiCH iS ACCORDiNG TO ONLY, THE 44TH POTUS BARACK OBAMA LAW TEAM LEAD BY FORMER ATTORNEY GENERAL ERiC HOLDER, WHiCH iS BINUVERALLY PROVEN TRUE AND OF WHiCH MEANS THiS HAS BEEN TRUE WiTH FORMS OF FORENSiC SCiENCES, ONCE AGAiN SPOKEN HUMAN WORD OF TRUTH VERBATiM AND THiS DÆMON LAW BODY iN ONLY SHAUN'S POSSESSiON AND HE HAS HiS LiFE STAKED ON iT AND THE FŒTERUM WHiCH iS ANOTHER WAY TO PROVE COMPLETELY TRUE, OUR iNNOCENCE, AND WHAT iS COME TO BE KNOWN AND LAWFULLY BiNUVERALLY ABSOLUTELY TRUE AND ACTUALLY NOT COMPLETELY FALSE AND iS FOR BARACK OBAMA AND DONALD TRUMP AND JOE BiDEN EYES ONLY AND ONLY THEiR ACTiONS BECAUSE THEY REPRESENT OUR BEST CHANCE. THiS iS ALL THAT iS NECESSARY AND ANY OTHER LAW TEAM AND EVERY OTHER PARTiCiPATiNG LEGAL TEAM, SECURED AND APPROVED BY BARACK OBAMA THE 44th PRESiDENT OF THE UNiTED STATES FROM AND ONLY BY HiS DiRECT WORD, WHiCH THEN AND ONLY THEN THAT iT MEANS THAT AFFiLiATE HAS THE CLEARANCE TO WORK WiTH US. --ONCE AGAiN THE 44TH PRESiDENT OF THE UNiTED STATES, BARACK HUSSEiN OBAMA, WE ARE UNDER HiS GUiDANCE AND ONLY HiS ORDERS OF HOW BEST TO HANDLE THiS AND GO ABOUT THiS PROCESS OF SECURiNG OUR FREEDOM, AND ONLY BARACK'S PROFESSiONAL TEAM THAT HE HAS PERSONALLY VERiFiED AND ONLY HiS "[B.H.O.]"DiRECT WORD"" CAN ONLY DO AND BARACK HUSSEiN OBAMA II, THE 44th PRESiDENT OF THE UNiTED STATES CAN NOW COMPLETE ALL OF OUR PRiSONER CASES BECAUSE WE HAVE iN FACT ALL HAVE BEEN PROVEN iNNOCENT THROUGH THESE MEANS, FOR WE ARE ALL, THE PRiSONERS, ONCE AGAiN HAVE NOW BEEN PROVEN AND ARE NOW HEREBY iNNOCENT iN EVERY COURT OF LAW KNOWN TO MAN AND WOMAN ACROSS THiS WORLD. WE NEED TO SECURE THE FREEDOM OF ALL THOSE, YES US, THAT FALL UNDER THE-> {'iNNOCENT PRiSONERS CATEGORY NOW PROVEN iNNOCENT BY 44TH POTUS BARACK OBAMA LEGAL TEAM THAT ARE iN AND ACROSS THiS WORLD OF OURS, THAT WE LIVE iN DAY TO DAY, WiTH AND ONLY THE DiRECTiON OF 44th POTUS BARACK HUSSEiN OBAMA DECiSiONS}. --Inside is all of the complete to release cases that prove the innocence of every prisoner and secures their freedom and safe return into the national public and human population where, he or she, will not only safeguard the human population but operate alongside it and live in infamy. This is all that the 44th President of the United States' Barack Obama law body needs to have that is, once again, necessary to complete and secure the freedom and then the release of each and every prisoner now hereby innocent. We have been proven factually in many ways and because so, we have in response have been proven completely innocent, and yet we are still held inside this carceral system, through illegal criminal means in any shape or form, in this world shared with human prisoners and the innocent human population. Once again. This is all that is required and all that is completely necessary. This is the direct word from Larry Na Hoover Sr. ||'v




